SEOImageUpdates: User Story 1463880, Small PR 4 (#12341)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/winforms/controls/how-to-group-items-in-a-windows-forms-listview-control-using-the-designer.md

# How to: Group Items in a Windows Forms ListView Control Using the Designer

> The grouping feature of the <xref:System.Windows.Forms.ListView> control enables you to display related sets of items in groups. These groups are separated on the screen by horizontal group headers that contain the group titles. You can use <xref:System.Windows.Forms.ListView> groups to make navigating large lists easier by grouping items alphabetically, by date, or by any other logical grouping. The following image shows some grouped items.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The grouping feature of the <xref:System.Windows.Forms.ListView> control enables you to display related sets of items in groups. These groups are separated on the screen by horizontal group headers that contain the group titles. You can use <xref:System.Windows.Forms.ListView> groups to make navigating large lists easier by grouping items alphabetically, by date, or by any other logical grouping. The following image shows some grouped items:
```

>  ![Screenshot of odd and even ListView groups.](./media/how-to-group-items-in-a-windows-forms-listview-control-using-the-designer/odd-even-list-view-groups.gif)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ![Numbers separated into odd and even groups.](./media/how-to-group-items-in-a-windows-forms-listview-control-using-the-designer/odd-even-list-view-groups.gif)  
```
